# LEGO Universe HAL-JSON API

This repository has been created to provide a static and discoverable
API for the internal data of the discontinued game LEGE Universe.

It is meant to be pregenerated by [Paradox](https://github.com/Xiphoseer/Paradox)
or some equivaled tool and statically served as a github page.

## Use Case

The repository may be used as an online resource for any client in need
of browsing LU data. A reference implementation is planned, which
will provide a LU themed webapp to display the game content, similar
to a wiki or game guide.

Other clients are welcome to request features or other preprocessing
for this API

## Limitations

As the API will be pregenerated (at least for the initial development),
it will not be possible to provide full-text search or other custom
queries.

It may be possible to develop a glossary of sorts which may be used
for searching purposes. Ideally the data will have several different
entry points to allow for different perspectives and navigation stategies.

## Technical Implementation

This repository is the JSON flavor of this API. There will be a XML
equivalent available at [lu-xml](https://github.com/Xiphoseer/lu-xml).

The repository is served in conformance with the
[JSON-HAL Specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal)
for easy discoverability

## Example

```json
{
  "_links": {
    "self": { "href": "/lu-json/tables/objects/page-2.json" },
    "previous": { "href": "/lu-json/tables/objects/page-1.json" },
    "next": { "href": "/lu-json/tables/objects/page-3.json" }
  },
  "_embedded": {
    "objects": [{ 
      "_links": {
        "self": { "href": "/lu-json/tables/objects/0/0/3/object-96.json" },
        "icon": { "href": "/lu-res/icons/12356.png" }
      },
      "id": 96,
      "description": "A Sample Item"
    }, {
      "_links": {
        "self": { "href": "/lu-json/tables/objects/0/0/3/object-97.json" },
        "icon": { "href": "/lu-res/icons/12323.png" }
      },
      "id": 97,
      "description": "Another Sample Item"
    }]
  }
}
```

## HAL-Browser

To navigate through the API within your browser, you may use the
[HAL-BROWSER](https://xiphoseer.github.io/hal-browser/browser.html)
of which a fork is provided on this repository.

You can look at the example above
[here](https://xiphoseer.github.io/hal-browser/browser.html#/lu-json/tables/objects/page-2.json)

## License

As the content of this repository is generated from the date of the
discontinued game LEGO Universe, I do not own any intellectual rights
to the actual data. As such I have no authority to license any IP rights
to third parties.

I am convinced that this repository constitutes an instance of "fair use"
as it is used for entirely non-commercial purposes. I would advise that
any other user of this data does so on the same terms.
